Using VectorStoreIndex

Here is the refined answer:

1. **LIC**: Letter of Credit - a document in which the terms of doc transactions are set out
2. LCL: Less than Container Load - when a parcel is grouped by the carrier at a CES with same destination
3. Lil: Letter of Indemnity - some consignee to take delivery of his bill of lading which has been
4. LLM: International Convention on Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims - a 1976 limitation convention enacted in the UK by the Merchant Shipping Act 1979
5. LO-LO: Lift On Lift Off - a containership onto which and from which containers are lifted by crane (as opposed to RoRo)
6. Liner: A vessel plying a regular pattern or a trade on a defined route under a published sailing schedule
7. Liner Terms: Freight payable which includes the cost of loading and unloading
8. MMO: Multi Modal Operator
9. Manifest: List of goods or passengers on a vessel
10. Measurement Ton: 1 cubic metre - one of the alternative bases of a freight tariff
11. MIR: Mate's Receipt - a receipt given to the party that delivers the cargo to the ship
12. NVOC(C): Non Vessel Operating (Common) Carrier - a carrier issuing bills of lading for carriage of goods on vessels which he neither owns nor operates
13. Notify Party: The Party to Whom the ANF is sent
14. NYPE: The New York produce Exchange charterparty - the most commonly used form of hire contract for vessels
15. FOB (Free On Board): The Seller at its own cost, risk and expense (up to the point the goods pass the Ship's rail), delivers the goods on board the ship chosen by the Buyer, and is also responsible for completing export documentation and clearing the goods for export.
16. FCA (Free Carrier): The Seller is only responsible for delivering the goods, usually cleared for export, to the Carrier at a named terminal or any other named place (including the Seller's own premises), or to another party nominated by the Buyer (such as a freight forwarder).
17. FAS (Free Alongside Ship): The Seller "delivers" the goods, when they are placed alongside the vessel (e.g. On a quay or a barge) nominated by the Buyer at the named Port of shipment.
18. CFR (Cost and Freight): Formerly known as “CNE" or "C&F", the Seller pays for the carriage of the goods Up to the named port of destination, The risk of loss of and damage to the goods passes to the Buyer, when the goods are on board the vessel.

I refined the answer by adding definitions for FOB, FCA, FAS, and CFR, as these terms were not fully defined in the original context. I also kept the original definitions unchanged, unless they conflicted with the new context.